Hyperlint Automation: Broken Link Fixes (#20120)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/r2/tutorials/cloudflare-access.mdx

For example, if you connected Google and/or GitHub identity providers, you can log in with those providers. If the login is successful and you pass the Access policies configured in this guide, you will be able to access (read/download) objects within the R2 bucket.

> If you cannot authenticate or receive a block page after authenticating, check that you have an [Access policy](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/self-hosted-public-app/#2-connect-your-origin-to-cloudflare) configured within your Access application that explicitly allows the group your user account is associated with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot authenticate or receive a block page after authenticating, check that you have an [Access policy](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/self-hosted-public-app/#1-add-your-application-to-access) configured within your Access application that explicitly allows the group your user account is associated with.
```
